add error handling for unknown delegations (#110)
yaronf/I-D: STAR-Delegation/draft-ietf-acme-star-delegation.md

certificate a new `delegation` attribute is added to the Order object on the
NDC-IdO side (see {{sec-profile-ndc-to-ido}}).  The value of this attribute is
the URL pointing to the delegation configuration object that is to be used for
this certificate request.  If the `delegations` attribute in the Order object

> contains a URL that does not correspond to an existing configuration, the IdO

Reviewer: to an existing configuration which is available to this client (or something like that: not all delegations can be used by all NDCs).

Author: thanks, fixed in 6caa3eb

> contains a URL that does not correspond to an existing configuration, the IdO

Author: ```suggestion
contains a URL that does not correspond to a configuration available to the requesting NDC, the IdO
```
